https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8962 (#6061)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/cert_policy_ctrl.adoc

Certificate policy controller does not support the `enforce` feature.

> *Note:* The certificate policy controller expects to find a certificate in a secret in only the `tls.crt` key. If a secret is stored under a different key, add a label named `certificate_key_name` with a value set to the key to let the certificate policy controller know to look in a different key. For example, if a secret contains a certificate stored in the key named `sensor-cert.pem`, add the following label to the secret: `certificate_key_name: sensor-cert.pem`. 

Reviewer: Is "expects to find" the most accurate verb choice? 

If the certificate policy controller _automatically_ looks for a certificate in a secret in the `tls.crt` then I think we could be more direct in our word choice. Something like:

The certificate policy controller automatically looks for a certificate in a secret in only the `tls.crt` key.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I agree with the update recommended  here.

> *Note:* The certificate policy controller expects to find a certificate in a secret in only the `tls.crt` key. If a secret is stored under a different key, add a label named `certificate_key_name` with a value set to the key to let the certificate policy controller know to look in a different key. For example, if a secret contains a certificate stored in the key named `sensor-cert.pem`, add the following label to the secret: `certificate_key_name: sensor-cert.pem`. 

Author: Update after peer review
```suggestion
*Note:* The certificate policy controller automatically looks for a certificate in a secret in only the `tls.crt` key. If a secret is stored under a different key, add a label named `certificate_key_name` with a value set to the key to let the certificate policy controller know to look in a different key. For example, if a secret contains a certificate stored in the key named `sensor-cert.pem`, add the following label to the secret: `certificate_key_name: sensor-cert.pem`. 
```
